# Buggy Run

Buggy Run is a small browser game where you control one two beetles and try to eat plants and water, while avoiding roaches, flies, spiders and spider webs.

<h1 id="play-game" align="center"><a href="https://boenrobot.github.io/buggy-run/">PLAY</a></h1>

### Compatibility
- On desktop, works for sure on any Chromium (Chrome, Edge, Brave, Opera, Vivaldi, etc.) or Gecko (Firefox, Zen, etc.) based browser, and probably WebKit based ones too (Safari; not tested).
- On mobile, works on Android (Samsung) and iOS.
- It should work in any aspect ratio and resolution, though it is best experienced in full screen.

### How to play
- Objective: Get the highest score you can by eating plants, and get as many achievements as you can by increasing your score up to certain thresholds. You can compete with another player about who will get the highest score, or agree to treat your scores as a sum. That's up to you. While there is a last score achievement, there's no upper limit to scores.
- Controls:
  - Click on the central area of the screen to toggle full screen.
  - Player 1 moves with WASD or dragging around the green joystick
  - Player 2 moves with IJKL or dragging around the red joystick
- Tips:
  - Eating a plant increases your score, but while either player's score is 10 or more, eating a plant will spawn a roach.
  - A roach eating a plant will spawn a new roach.
  - When roaches are a multiple of 5, a fly will appear. Flies do not eat plants, but they do eat roaches.
  - While either player's score is 16 or more, if nobody moves or eats plants in a while, a spider will appear. Spiders eat roaches and flies on their path, and may randomly spawn webs.
  - A drop of water doesn't increase your score, but creates two additional plants at random locations, that may or may not be taken by roaches. If roaches, flies or spiders take them, even more are spawned than with plants. Spiders also spawn a web upon picking up water.

### Development
- The source file is in ./src/index.html. Before commits, the index.html at the root folder is automatically generated by minifying the source.
- This project is trying to push the boundaries of what is possible without involving any extennal resources, while keeping the size _relatively_ small, but more importantly, keeping the game fun regardless of device.

### Credits
- Game created by Vasil Rangelov (boenrobot). Admittedly, with significant assistance by LLMs.
- The joysticks and JS for their controls is a modified version of the one found in [stemkoski/HTML-Joysticks](/stemkoski/HTML-Joysticks).
